Influencers are in turmoil this week.
From September 30th to October 5th,
an influencer died every single day.
This victim
was an influencer surnamed Lin.
-He got into arguments online…
-…a local found a body floating.
The family confirmed that the deceased
is a well-known influencer.
Police aren't ruling out homicide.
We'll get to the bottom of it.
-I'm reporting from…
-I'm sorry.
-We can't comment…
-where the incident happened.
A psychic influencer predicted a death.
She shows up wearing a mask.
And she runs her channel by drawing cards.
Could she be linked to these incidents,
given what happened?
Hello, everyone.
-Welcome to Witch Baba. I'm Baba.
-Within ten minutes,
-the fifth victim appeared.
-Last time, I predicted a car accident.
It did happen, right?
OCTOBER 1ST
SIX DAYS AGO
STAY WARM, IT'S GETTING CHILLY
YU-CHIEH
SHARE
GOOD MORNING, SUNRISE AND HOPE
BUNDLE UP! BE SAFE!
STAY WARM
FRIED RICE'S ON THE SHOE RACK
REMEMBER TO EAT IT
TAKE MEDICINE
STOP
Well, there was a car accident.
Hello, everyone.
Welcome to Witch Baba. I'm Baba.
Today is September 30th.
The food safety issue that I predicted
actually came true.
When you're eating out,
you need to be really careful.
Wash your hands before eating
to keep viruses away.
Baba's obsessed with dessert.
Oh, by the way, have you had Sweet Spot's…
They have this delicious cake.
The cream isn't too rich.
I'm craving it just thinking about it now.
Like lemon tarts,
brownies,
crème brûlée.
Matcha cake is great too.
What's your favorite dessert?
Leave a comment and let Baba know.
All right, that's about it for today.
Let's make our next prediction.
I wonder what message
the cards have for us today.
The Armory upright.
The Pyramid reversed.
John F. Kennedy reversed.
In the future,
someone will be shot and killed.
Didn't you say work…
Put the gun down!
Drop it.
Put the gun down.
-Drop it.
-Sir, put it down.
Drop the gun!
-Drop the gun, you hear me?
-Stay back!
Drop it!
-Is that Wei Yen?
-I think so.
Okay.
I'll put the gun down.
-Don't come closer!
-Be careful.
Put the gun down, okay? Get back!
Step back. Listen, let's calm down.
Put the gun down, okay?
-Stay back!
-Calm down!
Let's talk, okay?
Drop the gun.
You don't want to do this.
In the future,
someone will be shot and killed.
-Let's talk it out.
-Put the gun down!
Stop filming.
Don't come closer. Get back.
Get outta here!
Get back!
-A-Hua, are you okay?
-Get back.
I'm fine!
-Ambulance!
-You okay?
-Call 911!
Back off! Stop filming!
-Stop filming!
-Get back!
Back off.
Stop filming.
Get back!
-Isn't that Wei Yen?
-Who?
Hey, stop filming!
Take control of the scene!
That influencer, "Wei Fa Yen".
You mean the Wei Yen?
Yes, Wei Meng-yen.
Get back.
CID AGENT
BB Pellets.
It's a BB gun.
What?
Stop filming!
Back off! Stop filming!
-That's terrifying!
-Jeez!
-Unbelievable!
-Shocking!
-Is it live?
-It's a Story.
What's wrong with Taiwan?
-Latest news.
-Big stunt.
Was he shot dead?
Put the gun down!
THE POLICE FIRED A SHOT!
Look…
POLICE GOT SHOT?
POLICE WAS FINE
IT'S A CRIME SCENE
TERRIFYING
WHAT'RE THEY DOING?
MURDERER
HE FIRED
Get outta here!
-Wei Yen got shot.
-Seriously?
-The influencer?
-Wei Fa Yen.
He went too far.
Don't try this at home.
Get outta here!
WEI
Welcome to my channel, Wei Fa Yen.
Hey!
-The Wei Yen?
-Oh my god.
-He was bleeding.
-Seriously?
It was terrifying.
-Influencer got shot.
-Fake news?
Comment if you have any evidence.
Please help Wei Yen.
I heard he's just unconscious?
Chest shot. He's dead.
He's not dead yet.
-Firing there was badass.
-Fatal incident, live.
The joke went too far.
-Jeez!
-Badass? It's suicidal.
-Wei Yen took it too far.
-It's Taiwan. What do you expect?
-It's just a BB gun.
-A BB pellet got someone killed!
Did you watch until the end?
He had a BB gun.
They couldn't tell?
It was just a BB gun.
Is he really dead?
-That's hilarious.
-He's gone viral.
A BB pellet got someone killed!
-Someone died.
-A BB gun?
Choosing clicks over his life.
-Who fired?
-A cop.
A cop killed him!
-Chen Chia-jen.
-Who is Chen Chia-jen?
-A cop shot an influencer.
-Dox him.
-He went too far.
-For views.
-I support the police.
-Justified.
Which idiot supports the police?
Ting-yu commented.
-Comment if you have any evidence.
-Ting-yu's stepping in.
-I saw Wei Yen at the ER.
-Which hospital?
He was at the hospital?
-Is he live-streaming?
-No idea. I didn't see it.
-Is he a moron?
-Watch your mouth.
He acted odd.
-The cop fired without checking?
-He's brave.
Hello? I saw it.
How would I know?
I'm going to the hospital.
They found which one.
-Any news?
-Which hospital is it?
Hekeng Hospital.
-Oh my god.
-Shocking.
-It's a Story.
-Taipei City First Precinct.
-Wei Yen got shot.
-That Wei Yen?
Did BBs get someone killed?
EMERGENCY ROOM
Why is the High-Tech Crime Unit here?
Chia-jen, the shooter is an influencer.
The netizens are all focused
on this incident now.
The chief wants us to be careful.
We should get ahead
of the suspect's online footprint
to confirm his motive.
What's an influencer?
Someone who posts videos online
to gain popularity.
Wei Meng-yen is an influencer.
He's 27. His channel's "Wei Fa Yen".
He has over a million followers,
now they're all coming after you.
What was that?
"Wei Fa Yen".
Why did First Precinct send him to Hekeng?
Their guys were there
and called 911 immediately.
Within an hour, your shooting video
already has 200,000 views.
Chia-jen, you're also an influencer now.
Put the gun down!
They think you're a killer.
-We need to handle this carefully.
-I fired lawfully.
What's taking so long? What's going on?
Hey, the doctor's here…
Doctor…
How is my son?
The bullet penetrated
his body cavity and his ribs
and stopped in the lower left lung.
Luckily, his heart wasn't damaged.
We removed the bullet.
But…
his wound is large,
so his condition isn't stable yet.
I'm sorry.
Meng-yen.
Don't cry.
Look…
Are you that cop?
You are that cop.
-What?
-Calm down.
-Why did you shoot him?
-Stay back.
-Back off.
-Get back.
Are toy guns against the law?
-Please?
-Stay back.
Is killing fun for you?
-No…
-Why are you hiding?
Let me introduce him.
This is the killer cop.
What's his name?
Chen Chia-jen.
The famous Officer Chen
is now the famous killer.
-Say a few words.
-Stop it.
-Put your phone down.
-Speak up.
Too scared to talk?
You can kill, but you can't talk?
Hey!
You call yourself an influencer?
Loser. You're all losers!
-Come here!
-You're the loser!
Chia-jen.
Enough, Chia-jen.
Don't stir things up. Let's go.
Let's go.
…can't talk?
Hey.
You call yourself an influencer?
Loser. You're all losers!
You're all losers!
THE COP HIT HIM
COPS ARE LOSERS
Hello?
Hey, calm yourself down.
Why should I calm down?
Don't attack the police.
Fuck, he shot Wei Yen.
You saw the live stream, right?
What's with his attitude?
He pushed me.
What?
When Wei Yen fired the gun,
he didn't bring his phone
or any recording equipment.
And he didn't ask anyone to film.
So?
I don't think he was filming content.
-What was he doing then?
-I don't know.
Listen.
Have you heard of Witch Baba?
What?
What are you talking about?
Fine. Never mind.
I'll explain later.
What the fuck?
OCTOBER 2ND
"Baba Van…"
LITTLE ARMSTRONG FILMS VIDEOS
Hey.
Check it out.
Check out what?
Witch Baba.
Witch Baba?
WITCH BABA
Last time,
the fire happened.
Next, there will be a car accident.
It did happen, right?
Next, a train will derail.
TRAIN DERAILMENT
REPORTED IN JAPAN YESTERDAY
Damn.
Who is she?
A psychic.
Hello, everyone.
Welcome to Witch Baba.
I'm Baba.
Today is September 30th.
-The food safety issue I predicted…
-September 30th.
…actually came true.
When you're eating out, you need…
-October 1st.
-Look.
WEI YEN SHOOTING LIVE STREAM, SCARY
I wonder what message
the cards have for us today.
WEI YEN LIVE STREAM
Get outta here!
BABA'S FOOD PICKS
BABA'S RAFFLE
Sir.
I've compiled a file
on yesterday's shooting.
Take a look.
INTERNET WITCH MANIPULATING CRIMES
The Armory upright.
The Pyramid reversed.
John F. Kennedy reversed.
In the future,
someone will be shot and killed.
Do kids nowadays
actually watch this stuff?
Sir, let me explain it to you.
Actually,
it's a gimmick for the channel.
-But the predictions--
-A gimmick?
What does this
have to do with the shooting?
You're in the High-Tech Crime Unit.
And you believe some internet prediction?
No, I don't believe it.
But she somehow managed
to make this prediction look real.
That way, yesterday's shooting
would be linked to her.
And even though we know this isn't real…
CHANG CHIEH
CHIEF OF CRIME INVESTIGATION
Go on.
Okay.
This one.
Sir, look at this one.
Since last January, Witch Baba
has predicted car accidents, fires,
major political cases, vaccine rollouts.
She even predicted a drought.
The earliest was two months ahead,
and she's 100% accurate.
UTurn's upload times can't be fabricated.
So for her followers,
these are real predictions.
If Witch Baba has 100,000 followers,
and these followers all believe her,
then the predictions become real.
Ho Chen-wei.
Do you agree with this?
Sir.
Online, anything's possible.
As police, we build cases
based on evidence.
I won't randomly target an influencer
based on online buzz.
Anything else?
We're looking into
Wei Meng-yen's social circle.
We also know where he bought the BB gun.
Now we wait for him to wake up.
Have you contacted his family?
His family isn't cooperating.
They won't give us his phone or computer.
Chia-jen,
you're lucky they didn't press charges.
Chen Chia-jen.
I want you to find out why Wei Meng-yen
brought a BB gun to the police station.
Sir, Chia-jen is a person of interest now.
Clean up your own mess.
What about the higher-ups?
I'll handle them.
Okay.
Hey!
Bring her along.
What am I, a babysitter?
You mean a public servant?
According to the internet,
you're the enemy.
I'd quit if that scared me.
Chen Chia-jen.
Can't you see
he came to the police station
to get shot on purpose?
If you don't clear your name,
there'll be more trouble.
Don't forget you're still on a warning.
Wait.
Give me a report on the shooting.
Hello, everyone.
Welcome to Witch Baba. I'm Baba…
I'll get going.
-Okay. Bye.
-Bye.
…the food safety issue I predicted
actually came true.
When you're eating out
ILLUMINATI TAROT
Wash your hands before eating
to keep viruses away.
Baba's obsessed with dessert.
Oh, by the way,
have you had Sweet Spot's…
They have this delicious cake.
The cream isn't too rich.
I'm craving it just thinking about it now.
When are you delivering it?
Tonight.
I'll deliver it for you.
I can deliver it tonight.
Let me do it.
Seriously, it's fine.
-Because it's--
-I said I'll deliver it.
What are you pissed about now?
Yeh Pin-hsuan!
WHAT TO DO ON SATURDAY
I'm Lin Po-lun,
the funniest guy in the world!
You do 69 with a monkey.
I do 96 with your mom.
All day Saturday.
Welcome to What To Do on Saturday.
You don't party?
Let me introduce my assistant, Tiffany.
Tiffany. Give her a close-up.
Wei Meng-yen, go to hell!
Let's party!
I think he looks like a birthday boy.
Hey, buddy…
Happy birthday!
Hey, come on. Blow out the candles!
It's the moon.
Say it to the camera.
"What to Do on Saturday."
What to Do on Saturday.
Tiffany. Give her a close-up.
Say it to the camera.
"What to Do on Saturday".
What to Do on Saturday.
WHAT TO DO ON SATURDAY
THROW SOMEONE OFF A BUILDING
THIS LOSER'S A COPYCAT
WASTED FIVE MINUTES
PATHETIC. THIS SUCKS
AREN'T YOU ASHAMED OF YOURSELF?
BREAKING NEWS:
GUNFIGHT OUTSIDE THE POLICE STATION
FAMOUS INFLUENCER SHOT, STILL UNCONSCIOUS
SUSPECTED OF FILMING PRANK SHOW
WEI
-Hi, guys. I'm Wei Yen.
-I'm Wa Tsai.
Welcome to our channel,
Wei Fa Yen.
Today, we're here…
Hello, we're Egg Water River.
Hey, guys. I'm Foodie Wan-wan.
Welcome to What's Up Yo! Yo!
GUNFIGHT OUTSIDE POLICE STATION
Hello, everyone.
Welcome to Witch Baba. I'm Baba.
Today is September 30th.
The food safety issue I predicted
actually came true.
When you're eating out,
you need to be really careful.
HALLOWEEN SPECIAL PROJECT
-Go to hell, all of you.
-Wash your hands…
Baba's obsessed with dessert.
Oh, by the way,
have you had Sweet Spot's…
They have this delicious cake.
-Fuck you, go to hell.
-The cream…
Go on, push your luck.
…just thinking about it now.
-What's your favorite dessert?
-I'll kill you.
WEI MENG-YEN'S SOCIAL NETWORK
Sir, this is the social network analysis
from Wei Yen's social media.
Why bother? Just check his call logs.
People rarely make calls nowadays.
They send messages instead.
What's your name?
My name is Li Hsin-ping, sir.
Li Hsin-ping.
Let me tell you something.
I don't care what method
High-Tech Crime Unit used before.
You're working with us now.
You do things our way.
Yes.
Well, can I call you Mr. Jen?
Thank you, Mr. Jen.
Hello.
Your cake.
Thank you.
Do you need something?
-You're the mukbang streamer, right?
-Yes.
-What are you filming?
-What do you want?
Smells good. Let me see.
-Famous influencer.
-What?
Is there a problem?
I'll file a complaint.
That looks delicious.
Too bad I'm full.
What a lunatic.
The delivery guy barged in.
That's creepy.
Unbelievable.
I'm gonna file a complaint later.
Let's film first.
Okay.
Alright. Get ready.
Three, two…
Hey, guys. I'm Foodie Wan-wan.
Today,
what we're going to cook is
Budae Jjigae.
I'm telling you, when the luncheon meat
soaks up the soup and you bite--
What now?
CALL HISTORY
YU-CHIEH
CALLING YU-CHIEH
Investigation Squad Seven gets it done.
Right? Three months, as promised.
THREE YEARS AGO
Yes!
Here. Hurry.
-Look at this party. There's beer here.
-Come on.
-You here to talk or drink?
-Drink.
-Let's drink.
-Here.
-Here. Bottoms up.
-Nice.
HONORARY OFFICER
CHEN CHIA-JEN
This should go here.
-You've worked hard these three months.
-Of course.
Are you free tonight?
I'm treating you guys to dinner.
I can't. My wife's cooking.
-How is Hsiao-hui lately?
-Not bad. She's fine.
-She's fine?
-Yes.
Why did she faint if she's fine?
CALLING YU-CHIEH
Chen Chia-jen's home.
Call me Dad.
Guess what place I got today?
Based on your smile, first place.
I also got Best Costume
and the Judges' Award.
You're home. Dinner's ready.
-Wash your hands.
-Okay.
Take off your wings before you eat.
I'll take them off after.
Any more dishes?
There's one more.
It's coming.
Here.
Did you drink?
What?
A little bit.
Did you smoke?
A little bit, too.
I told you to eat at home today,
yet you drank.
That's why I drank and smoked,
but didn't eat.
Mom, did you see a doctor?
Why would she?
Mom fainted yesterday.
I'm fine.
I just felt dizzy.
You should still see a doctor.
Just eat your food.
You keep telling me to eat,
but you won't see a doctor.
Let's play a game.
If I win, Mom sees a doctor tomorrow,
and Dad gives me his cigarettes.
Let's eat first.
Which one is the certificate
for first place?
Why wear a mask when we're guessing?
So the police can't see my face.
Who said that?
Hurry up, which one?
That one.
No.
-No?
-No.
The one in the middle.
No.
-This one.
-No.
This one.
How did you know?
You were looking around for the first two,
but you didn't for this one.
So if I don't look, it's real?
Hey, do you know who she is?
She's my wife.
A police officer's wife.
Gosh, you're both cheating.
DINNER IS BY THE DOOR, REMEMBER TO EAT IT
-Put the gun down!
-Get back!
EVIL COP SHOT FAMOUS INFLUENCER
The famous Officer Chen,
-is now a famous killer.
-What're you talking about?
Say a few words.
-Put your phone down.
-Speak up. Too scared to talk?
You can kill, but you can't talk?
-Influencer?
-Isn't he that cop?
Loser. You're all…
-Back off!
-A-Hua, are you okay?
-Get back!
-I'm fine.
-Ambulance!
Call 911!
SHOOTING INCIDENT EVIL COP LOST CONTROL
AND SHOT FAMOUS INFLUENCER
Get back! Stop filming!
Stop filming.
Isn't he the guy in the video?
Thank you.
Hey, sir.
Sir, can I help you?
I'm looking for the patient
who got shot yesterday.
-He was transferred to another room.
-Where?
Sorry, I can't disclose that.
-You might…
-Looking for Mr. Wei?
It's fine. I'll take him.
Okay.
You're trending.
GOOD MORNING, SUNRISE AND HOPE
STAY WARM, IT'S GETTING CHILLY
REMEMBER TO EAT IT
I'M WORKING
DINNER IS BY THE DOOR
Your daughter?
-Sir.
-Go wash your face.
-Okay. Please sign--
-Hurry up.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what happened?
Sir, the patient has chest bleeding.
Please wait outside. Excuse me.
-Prepare to intubate.
-Okay.
Doc, blood loss is over 1600cc.
Emergency thoracotomy.
-Okay.
Doors closing. Elevator door closing.
Dr. Kuo.
How could this happen when you're here?
What do you mean?
Mr. Chen.
If you hadn't shot him,
this wouldn't have happened.
You mean a public servant?
According to the internet,
you're the enemy.
I'd quit if that scared me.
Chen Chia-jen.
Can't you see he came
to the police station
to get shot on purpose?
If you don't clear your name,
there'll be more trouble.
YU-CHIEH
Yes, I'm working overtime.
We had an emergency
with a chest-bleed patient.
Okay, sure.
Okay, bye-bye.
Freeze!
-It's fine.
-Freeze!
Call 911!
Get back.
Officer Chen Chia-jen.
-Dox him.
-Chen Chia-jen.
-A Cop shot an influencer.
Who is Chen Chia-jen?
Dox him.
-He went too far.
-For views.
But must he shoot him in the chest?
Chen Chia-jen, First Precinct.
-Chen Chia-jen.
-He failed school and ended up a cop.
-Loser Chen Chia-jen.
-So what if he's a public servant?
-Killer cop.
I'm Ting-yu.
My best friend, Wei Yen,
was almost killed by a cop.
I'm standing right where Wei Yen was shot.
Look over here.
This is where Chen Chia-jen
fired the shot.
He was this close.
He dared to shoot Wei Yen from this close.
Hey.
What are you looking at?
Witch Baba uploaded a new video.
Witch Baba?
WITCH BABA
LI HSIN-PING
SIR, WITCH BABA HAS A NEW PREDICTION.
WITCH BABA
THE FRIEND BABA LOVES THE MOST
Hello, everyone. I'm Witch Baba.
Today is October 2nd.
My last prediction about the shooting
actually happened, right?
The injured person is still
in critical condition at the hospital.
Let's keep him
in our thoughts and prayers.
So… let's draw the next cards.
I wonder what message
the cards have for us.
First card.
Second card.
Third card.
Hollywood upright.
Pope reversed.
The Pentagon reversed.
Hollywood upright.
Pope reversed.
The Pentagon reversed.
In the future…
someone will die from drowning.
I'm sorry.
Subtitle translation by: Coralie Zhang